[Flaky Test Fixer] Remove stale flaky comments as part of the automated fix (#284723)
elastic/kibana: .github/workflows/flaky-test-fixer.md

2. Read the failing test and the helpers, fixtures, and page objects it imports — and the application code the failing assertions exercise, so a product-side root cause isn't missed.
3. Decide where the fix should land. The default target is `main`. But if the failure is on a **version branch** (check the issue's CI data / investigator comment) and `main` already carries the fix, don't target `main` — follow "Fix already on `main`", which decides between recommending a backport of the existing PR and handing over a best-effort fix for the version branch. Neither path opens a PR.

> 4. Apply the smallest patch that addresses the root cause on the target branch, whether that's in test code or application code, staying within the [Fix guardrails](#fix-guardrails). Also remove any stale flaky annotations the fix makes obsolete: `// FLAKY: <issue-url>` / `// Failing: See <issue-url>` comment lines on the fixed test that reference this issue (or another issue the same fix resolves), and re-enable the test if it was skipped alongside such an annotation. Don't add explanatory code comments to the patch by default — a good fix is self-explanatory. Add one only when the fix is particularly involved or non-obvious, and keep it strictly to 1 comment line; a simple change like a timeout bump never warrants a comment.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Apply the smallest patch that addresses the root cause on the target branch, whether that's in test code or application code, staying within the [Fix guardrails](#fix-guardrails). Re-enable the test suite(s) or test case(s) if they were skipped. Remove any stale flaky comments (e.g., `// FLAKY: <issue-url>` / `// Failing: See <issue-url>`, etc.) if they carry any. Don't add explanatory code comments to the patch by default — a good fix is self-explanatory. Add one only when the fix is particularly involved or non-obvious, and keep it strictly to 1 comment line; a simple change like a timeout bump never warrants a comment.
```
